Adding Switchable Boundary Conditions (#25806)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/fvbcs/WCNSFVSwitchableInletVelocityBC.md

# WCNSFVSwitchableInletVelocityBC

!syntax description /FVBCs/WCNSFVSwitchableInletVelocityBC

The file is similar to [WCNSFVInletVelocityBC.md] but it allows the boundary conditions to be switched on/off.

There are two options for specifying a component of the inlet velocity:

- specifying a velocity postprocessor

- specifying a mass flow rate postprocessor and a density functor. The functor is
  usually a functor material property, defined by a [GeneralFunctorFluidProps.md].
  The scaling factor can be used to account for projections if the inlet flow and
  the surface are not aligned.

This boundary condition works with postprocessors, which may be replaced by constant
values in the input. The intended use case for this boundary condition is to be receiving its value from

> a coupled application, using a [Receiver.md] postprocessor.

Reviewer: Now that you are directly inheriting from `WCNSFVInletVelocityBC`, let's remove this given it exists in the base class doc

Author: Thanks. Deleted

The `switch` parameter is a boolean that is used to turn the boundary condition on/off.
The parameter is controllable during runtime and can be controlled via a `BoolFunctionControl`.

The switch works as follows:

> - If `switch = true`: the boundary condition is applied as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `switch = true`: the boundary condition is applied as described in [WCNSFVInletVelocityBC.md].
```

Author: Thanks. Changed
